hello everybody are welcome
today our garden is so run that the
People decided to do some tests here.
out but we're going to the kitchen
still in this lighter season with
recipes that are good friends
today we will bring a candy that brings
the fruit that gained fame of weight loss
miraculous
I'm talking about Barry's goal.
us and learn how to make an Aunt
fruit that has only 210 calories
dehydrated or powdered water and
must arrived recently in Brazil and
soon gained fame of weight loss
data on the composition of the
fruit are not yet fully
defined
however, research indicates that ingestion
fat and brings energy benefits
and antioxidants in the body
Let's start by making granola pasta
of the pie
for this you will have to if they are 200 degrees
with flour and butter 1 in two ways
with 10 cm in diameter that bottom
removable
take a medium bowl and the crescent 6
tablespoons of granola place
half a cup of natural honey and a
tablespoon unsalted butter
softened
mix well was the bottoms of the molds
with the mixture
then put everything in a form
large and baked preheated by
about 15 minutes
Remove from the oven and let cool
you must remove ours from the phone
when the edges are golden
You'll realize they're still going.
be a little soft on the inside so
you should let them cool very well
to be crispy and crispy with
care and make the pasta
on a plate full
each door with a 90-gram pot of
Greek yogurt and a dessert spoon
of the Iberian Gojra of Christmas
if you want to finalize with mint
enjoy your food
It's interesting to start the little tart
while it is very cold
if you want to refrigerate until the
time to serve
I recommend leaving at the maximum for 12 hours
before I decide I want to give a quick
passing through our instagram
we see who are our
cooks on duty let's go people one
moment of pride when I see a
well done our recipe
and looks just that Renata did she did
Our cap is a vase of
palms and thank you very much for following the
our blog on nothing
another photo that received our mark
and that gives mouth-water is from Camila looks
how cute the nutella cookies that
she did
the walk told us that the taste
It was a show, you can imagine a stretcher.
keep tagging us in the recipes
whatever you want
who also made a plate full of
nutella's cookies went to mines before
How delicious and if a glass of cold milk
already make me happy
the nutritionist tatoo falcon solved
adapt our palette revenue and
He used the Greek guti and jam of
pineapple and apricot strawberry
in addition they should have been light
Wonderful, thanks for the credits.
Atami looks also had Moorish photo of the
video he made of the blackberry
They look beautiful by the way and the background.
placed a napkin in combination with the
recipe I loved the cappuccino congratulations
I love it when the technical staff
recipes that are new to the country
And, look what she did.
our bubble tea blending flavors
pomegranate 8 should have been super
Rep.
For today, it's just people, thank you very much.
all your company
If you want to see the photo of your plate?
here goes in the blog with taste point
with a recipe photo
sporting is recording this blog tag from
lunch
enjoy and also do
case a photo of the lunch blog arroba
until next week and such